*calendir.txt*	Calendar and journalling functionality.

				 by simirian

This plugin makes it easy for you to keep a journal and open calendar buffers
to help keep track of that journal.

==============================================================================
Calendir Directory					  *calendir-directory*

All of your journal entries are stored in the directory specified by
`g:calendir`. By default the calendir will be `~/Documents/calendir`. The
layout of files in this directory is very simple: journal entries are sorted
into directories by year, and each year is sorted by month. This means that to
access the entry for a partifular date, you must simply edit the file
`CALENDIR/year/month/day.md`, though note that the month and day will always
be two characters. All entries are created as markdown files, and will be
created with the header "# Daily year-month-day".

==============================================================================
Calendir Command				*calendir-command* *:Calendir*

All of the functionality of this plugin is available through the `:Calendir`
command. It has several subcommands which can be used to interact with
features of the plugin.

CALENDIR JOURNAL			   *calendir-journal* *calendir-today*
				      *calendir-yesterday* *calendir-tomorrow*
					   *calendir-previous* *calendir-next*

The calendir plugin's primary goal is to make it simple to keep a daily
journal. The journal stored in the |calendir-directory| can be accessed and
updated from anywhere. The command `:Calendir today` will open the note for
the current day, as defined by your operating system. The commands
`:Calendir yesterday` and `:Calendir tomorrow` can be used to edit the journal
entries of their respective days. While in a journal entry, the commands
`:Calendir next` and `:Calendir previous` can be used to go to the entry
before or after the entry in the current buffer.

CALENDIR CALENDAR			   *calendir-calendar* *calendir-year*

This plugin allows you to quickly look at a calendar overview of all of your
journal entries. Using the command `:Calendir YEAR` with "YEAR" replaced with
any year (1970 or later)  to open an overview of that year. The current day
and days with journal entries will be given special highlighting to indicate
those details. The |gf| keymap will work in the calendar directory when
hovering over any date, and will even create journal entries which don't yet
exist.

 vim:tw=78:ts=8:noet:ft=help:norl:
