*pairs.txt*	Automatically complete pairs and surround text.

				 by simitian

This plugin causes pairs like "()" to automatically be closed when typing the
first character. It also provides a surround operator and additional keymaps
to change and delete surrounding pairs.

==============================================================================
Autopairs						*pairs-autopair*

Autopairs are defined by filetype and should automatically apply when typing
in a buffer. When you type the closing character of a pair, if a pair was
previously automatically closed in this insert, then the closing pair will
"type over" the automatically closed pair. If you type an opening pair and it
isn't preceded by a "bad lead" character, then the pair will be automatically
closed. For pairs where the opening and closing characters are identical, the
closing pair will be tested first, then the opening pair.

Pressing <cr> while in between two pair characters will separate them
normally, then add an additional line between the two which should be
correctly indented. Pressing <bs> while in between two pair characters will
delete both the opening and closing character as if you typed <bs><del>.

To insert a character without causing pairing, use CTRL-V, then the character
you want to pair. This will prevent the insert mappings from taking effect,
and will insert the character that you type literally.

==============================================================================
Surroundings						*pairs-surround*

Surrounds allow easy manipulation of pairs around text. The surround operator
allows you to add a variety of different forms of text on each side of a
selection. The delete and change operators allow manipulation of existing
surroundings in a line.

SURROUND OPERATOR					*pairs-surround-add*
						*pairs-s* *pairs-ss* *pairs-S*

The remapped s operator (surround) allows you to surround any text with
predefined pairs. After activating the operator with s, ss, or S (which all
target text the same way as built-in operators like |d|, |dd|, and |D|) the
operator will prompt you for a single key which will deciede what the
selection is surrounded with. Some surroundings will require an additional
prompt to help decide what exactly to surround with. The optins are as
follows:

	key	surrounds with				additional prompt ~
	(	parentheses
	)	parentheses with internal space
	[	brackets
	]	brackets with internal space
	{	braces
	}	braces with internal space
	<	angle brackets
	>	angle brackets with internal space
	"	quotes
	'	apostrophes
	\`	grave accents
	t	xml tags				tag name
	T	xml tag with internal space		tag name
	p	prompted text				any text
	P	prompted text with internal space	any text

DELETE SURROUNDINGS			*pairs-delete-surroundings* *pairs-ds*

Surroundings on either side of the cursor can be deleted with the ds keymap.
This will prompt the user for a type of pair like when adding surroundings,
then it will delete the surroundings that you specified at the prompt. Note
that deleting surroundings does not use text objects or check to make sure the
pairs are balanced, it will simply delete the closest opening before the
cursor and the closest closing after the cursor. Deletions also only happen in
the current line.

CHANGE SURROUNDINGS			*pairs-change-surroundings* *pairs-cs*

Surroundings can be changed with the cs keymap. This works like a combination
of the delete and add occurring back to back. The keymap will prompt for a
pair to delete, then instead of deleting that pair it will prompt again for a
pair to replace it with. Finding the pairs to be replaced works identically to
deletion like above, meaning there are no checks for balanced pairs.

 vim:tw=78:ts=8:noet:ft=help:norl:
