*projects.txt*	Save and load projects quickly.

                                  by simirian

This plugin makes it extremely easy to open project directories without having
to type out extensive paths. Includes both automatically populating with
children of a projects directory or manually saving directories. All
functionality is exposed through a single `:Project` command with intelligent
completion.

==============================================================================
Project Command					*projects-command* *:Project*

Everything this plugin has to offer can be accessed thorugh the `:Project`
command and its various sub-commands. Altogether, they allow you to add and
remove saved projects, include and exclude project directories, and load
projects quickly and easily.

ADDING AND REMOVING PROJECTS		*projects-add* *projects-remove*

Adding and removing projects manually requires the `:Project add NAME` and
`:Project remove NAME` commands. In both cases, `NAME` refers to the alias
which the project will use in `:Project` commands. When adding a project,
vim's current directory is automatically used as the project directory. Adding
and removing projects manually this way will persist changes through restarts
of vim in a file called `projects.json` in vim's data directory.

INCLUDING AND EXCLUDING DIRECTORIES	*projects-include* *projects-exclude*

The contents of entire directories can be added to the projects list quickly
by including directories with the `:Project include DIR` command. Directories
can then be removed from the include list with `:Project exclude DIR` if you
don't want to include them anymore. In both cases, `DIR` should be the path to
any directory. All subdirectories of this directory will be added as projects,
where the name of each subdirectory will be the project name. Included
projects will have lower priority than saved projects if there are name
conflicts. If there are name conflicts between multiple included projects,
then priority is granted randomly.

OPENING PROJECTS					*projects-open*

Projects can be opened with the `:Project open NAME` command, so long as
`NAME` is the name of a saved or included project. This will run `:cd` on the
directory where the project is located. Custom command line completion makes
this command very quick to use if you correctly set 'wildchar'.

==============================================================================
Projects keymaps		*projects-keymaps* *projects-<leader>fp*

The projects module defines the `<leader>fp` keymap to make project selection
easier. This keymap uses |vim.ui.select()| as the selection mechanism, so if
|pick.txt| is enabled, you will be able to use a fuzzy picker over the loaded
project names.

 vim:tw=78:ts=8:noet:ft=help:norl:
